 theme = rose-pine
#theme = catppuccin-frappe
bold-is-bright = true

### setup window
window-height = 5000
window-width = 5000
window-padding-x = 0
window-padding-y = 0
window-padding-balance = true
window-vsync = true
#window-padding-color = extend

### font
font-size = 15
font-family= "GeistMono Nerd Font"
#font-family= "Dank Mono"
font-style= Bold

### shell
shell-integration = zsh

### icon
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = plastic
macos-icon-ghost-color = ffffff
macos-icon-screen-color = 262335

### mouse & cursor
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-color = 43728c
focus-follows-mouse = true
copy-on-select = true

### background
# background-opacity = 0.9
# background-blur-radius = 90

#cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
#selection-foreground = 43728c
#selection-background = 43728c
auto-update = download
macos-titlebar-style = transparent
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
title = "KofeLife"

clipboard-write = allow
clipboard-read = allow

keybind = super+k=clear_screen
